Feature - add prefix to environment variable secret provider (#162)
arcus-azure/arcus.security: docs/preview/features/secret-store/provider/environment-variables.md

        return Host.CreateDefaultBuilder(args)
                   .ConfigureSecretStore((context, config, builder) =>
                   {
                       // Uses the environment variables from the environment block associated with the current process.
                       builder.AddEnvironmentVariables();

                       // Uses the environment variables stored or retrieved from the HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\Session Manager\Environment key in the Windows operating system registry.
                       builder.AddEnvironmentVariables(EnvironmentVariableTarget.Machine);

>                        // Uses the environemt variables starting with 'ARCUS_' from the environemnt block associated with the current process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                       // Uses the environment variables starting with 'ARCUS_' from the environment block associated with the current process.
```
